Let's go to a workstation.
It's already started, so we're going to connect to it.
Now that we are connected, let's go to our code base directly.
And over here, I'm just going to update the code base.
It's already up to date.
OK, so now let's go to Dr. Dam, was that actually
the demo that we're interested in right now is 09 guessing and it's going to there directly?
What do we have over here?
So apart from those usual fights, these rules, Prometheus flew in one.
That we used for displaying metrics and logging data.
We need to focus on data and we see which is there.
Generally, you won't see data and we because it starts with dots.
So those finds that he didn't, so you'll have to do mine is here to see these files.
OK, so here what do we have here?
We have anybody that is cash and we have provided the host hostname in bold name information.
So that's what we need to hear.
Now let's see Dr. Campos fine.
Let's go to the bottom.
It should be there.
So here everything is set, except that we would have rigid risk configuration over here, so this is
where it is configuration.
We are downloading this image from Docker registry, and it does not require multiple configuration,
we have put it into a network and we have enabled the boards apart from that.
We have.
Put radius exported like we did in case of Chris, we created a post exporter.
So here we have this exporter so that our Prometheus can get the matrix off.
That is scarce as well.
So that's all we need to do.
It's pretty simple.
Now let's just run our system with this.